docs/apache-airflow-providers-samba/commits.rst, before:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-samba
------------------------------------------------------

`Samba <https://www.samba.org/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``samba``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



3.0.2
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-07

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==========================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==========================================================================
`f5b96315fe <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5b96315fe65b99c0e2542831ff73a3406c4232d>`_  2022-03-07   ``Add documentation for Feb Providers release (#22056)``
`d94fa37830 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d94fa378305957358b910cfb1fe7cb14bc793804>`_  2022-02-08   ``Fixed changelog for January 2022 (delayed) provider's release (#21439)``
`6c3a67d4fc <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6c3a67d4fccafe4ab6cd9ec8c7bacf2677f17038>`_  2022-02-05   ``Add documentation for January 2021 providers release (#21257)``
`602abe8394 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/602abe8394fafe7de54df7e73af56de848cdf617>`_  2022-01-20   ``Remove ':type' lines now sphinx-autoapi supports typehints (#20951)``
`f77417eb0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f77417eb0d3f12e4849d80645325c02a48829278>`_  2021-12-31   ``Fix K8S changelog to be PyPI-compatible (#20614)``
`97496ba2b4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97496ba2b41063fa24393c58c5c648a0cdb5a7f8>`_  2021-12-31   ``Update documentation for provider December 2021 release (#20523)``
`65d7f427a0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/65d7f427a0fe02ec07802e3b713c4d32da0b86f4>`_  2021-12-13   ``Fix MyPy Errors for Samba provider (#20243)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==========================================================================

3.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-10-29

=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
`d9567eb106 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d9567eb106929b21329c01171fd398fbef2dc6c6>`_  2021-10-29   ``Prepare documentation for October Provider's release (#19321)``
`d17ae60be4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d17ae60be4d83e0bdfa6cb3c2c41e2bb1fcbf1b6>`_  2021-10-09   ``Handle leading slash in samba path (#18847)``
`63ca12c0f2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/63ca12c0f2b4b6db1c46dd55405f7055dcb1c02c>`_  2021-10-07   ``Open src and dst in binary for samba copy (#18752)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================

3.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-08-30

=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================
`0a68588479 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a68588479e34cf175d744ea77b283d9d78ea71a>`_  2021-08-30   ``Add August 2021 Provider's documentation (#17890)``
`be75dcd39c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/be75dcd39cd10264048c86e74110365bd5daf8b7>`_  2021-08-23   ``Update description about the new ''connection-types'' provider meta-data``
`76ed2a49c6 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/76ed2a49c6cd285bf59706cf04f39a7444c382c9>`_  2021-08-19   ``Import Hooks lazily individually in providers manager (#17682)``
`f53dace36c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f53dace36c707330e01c99204e62377750a5fb1f>`_  2021-08-01   ``Switch to 'smbprotocol' library (#17273)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================

2.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-06-18

=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
`bbc627a3da <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/bbc627a3dab17ba4cf920dd1a26dbed6f5cebfd1>`_  2021-06-18   ``Prepares documentation for rc2 release of Providers (#16501)``
`cbf8001d76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cbf8001d7630530773f623a786f9eb319783b33c>`_  2021-06-16   ``Synchronizes updated changelog after buggfix release (#16464)``
`1fba5402bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1fba5402bb14b3ffa6429fdc683121935f88472f>`_  2021-06-15   ``More documentation update for June providers release (#16405)``
`9c94b72d44 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9c94b72d440b18a9e42123d20d48b951712038f9>`_  2021-06-07   ``Updated documentation for June 2021 provider release (#16294)``
`a47a2548be <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a47a2548bed8a8e7206fe490a9be03b0513b4059>`_  2021-06-06   ``Add support for extra parameters to samba client (#16115)``
`807ad32ce5 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/807ad32ce59e001cb3532d98a05fa7d0d7fabb95>`_  2021-05-01   ``Prepares provider release after PIP 21 compatibility (#15576)``
`40a2476a5d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/40a2476a5db14ee26b5108d72635da116eab720b>`_  2021-04-28   ``Adds interactivity when generating provider documentation. (#15518)``
`68e4c4dcb0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/68e4c4dcb0416eb51a7011a3bb040f1e23d7bba8>`_  2021-03-20   ``Remove Backport Providers (#14886)``
`6e6526a0f6 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6e6526a0f650119cb1ad7c2e2a1b87f0fa45c60e>`_  2021-03-13   ``Update documentation for broken package releases (#14734)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
`88bdcfa0df <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43>`_  2021-02-04   ``Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)``
`ac2f72c98d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`3fd5ef3555 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3fd5ef355556cf0ad7896bb570bbe4b2eabbf46e>`_  2021-01-21   ``Add missing logos for integrations (#13717)``
`295d66f914 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`6cf76d7ac0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
`32971a1a2d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`b40dffa085 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364>`_  2020-12-08   ``Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)``
`9b39f24780 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9b39f24780e85f859236672e9060b2fbeee81b36>`_  2020-12-08   ``Add support for dynamic connection form fields per provider (#12558)``
`c34ef853c8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2>`_  2020-11-20   ``Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)``
`0080354502 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4>`_  2020-11-18   ``Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)``
`ae7cb4a1e2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae7cb4a1e2a96351f1976cf5832615e24863e05d>`_  2020-11-17   ``Update wrong commit hash in backport provider changes (#12390)``
`6889a333cf <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6889a333cff001727eb0a66e375544a28c9a5f03>`_  2020-11-15   ``Improvements for operators and hooks ref docs (#12366)``
`7825e8f590 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1>`_  2020-11-13   ``Docs installation improvements (#12304)``
`85a18e13d9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/85a18e13d9dec84275283ff69e34704b60d54a75>`_  2020-11-09   ``Point at pypi project pages for cross-dependency of provider packages (#12212)``
`59eb5de78c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/59eb5de78c70ee9c7ae6e4cba5c7a2babb8103ca>`_  2020-11-09   ``Update provider READMEs for up-coming 1.0.0beta1 releases (#12206)``
`b2a28d1590 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b2a28d1590410630d66966aa1f2b2a049a8c3b32>`_  2020-11-09   ``Moves provider packages scripts to dev (#12082)``
`41bf172c1d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/41bf172c1dc75099f4f9d8b3f3350b4b1f523ef9>`_  2020-11-04   ``Simplify string expressions (#12093)``
`4e8f9cc8d0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e8f9cc8d02b29c325b8a5a76b4837671bdf5f68>`_  2020-11-03   ``Enable Black - Python Auto Formmatter (#9550)``
`5a439e84eb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5a439e84eb6c0544dc6c3d6a9f4ceeb2172cd5d0>`_  2020-10-26   ``Prepare providers release 0.0.2a1 (#11855)``
`872b1566a1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574>`_  2020-10-25   ``Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29 (#11826)``
`349b0811c3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/349b0811c3022605426ba57d30936240a7c2848a>`_  2020-10-20   ``Add D200 pydocstyle check (#11688)``
`16e7129719 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16e7129719f1c0940aef2a93bed81368e997a746>`_  2020-10-13   ``Added support for provider packages for Airflow 2.0 (#11487)``
`0a0e1af800 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a0e1af80038ef89974c3c8444461fe867945daa>`_  2020-10-03   ``Fix Broken Markdown links in Providers README TOC (#11249)``
`ca4238eb4d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ca4238eb4d9a2aef70eb641343f59ee706d27d13>`_  2020-10-02   ``Fixed month in backport packages to October (#11242)``
`5220e4c384 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5220e4c3848a2d2c81c266ef939709df9ce581c5>`_  2020-10-02   ``Prepare Backport release 2020.09.07 (#11238)``
`720912f67b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/720912f67b3af0bdcbac64d6b8bf6d51c6247e26>`_  2020-10-02   ``Strict type check for multiple providers (#11229)``
`fdd9b6f65b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3>`_  2020-08-25   ``Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)``
`3696c34c28 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3696c34c28c6bc7b442deab999d9ecba24ed0e34>`_  2020-08-24   ``Fix typo in the word "release" (#10528)``
`ee7ca128a1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ee7ca128a17937313566f2badb6cc569c614db94>`_  2020-08-22   ``Fix broken Markdown refernces in Providers README (#10483)``
`d0e7db4024 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d0e7db4024806af35e3c9a2cae460fdeedd4d2ec>`_  2020-06-19   ``Fixed release number for fresh release (#9408)``
`12af6a0800 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12af6a08009b8776e00d8a0aab92363eb8c4e8b1>`_  2020-06-19   ``Final cleanup for 2020.6.23rc1 release preparation (#9404)``
`c7e5bce57f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c7e5bce57fe7f51cefce4f8a41ce408ac5675d13>`_  2020-06-19   ``Prepare backport release candidate for 2020.6.23rc1 (#9370)``
`f6bd817a3a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f6bd817a3aac0a16430fc2e3d59c1f17a69a15ac>`_  2020-06-16   ``Introduce 'transfers' packages (#9320)``
`0b0e4f7a4c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0b0e4f7a4cceff3efe15161fb40b984782760a34>`_  2020-05-26   ``Preparing for RC3 relase of backports (#9026)``
`00642a46d0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00642a46d019870c4decb3d0e47c01d6a25cb88c>`_  2020-05-26   ``Fixed name of 20 remaining wrongly named operators. (#8994)``
`375d1ca229 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/375d1ca229464617780623c61c6e8a1bf570c87f>`_  2020-05-19   ``Release candidate 2 for backport packages 2020.05.20 (#8898)``
`12c5e5d8ae <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c5e5d8ae25fa633efe63ccf4db389e2b796d79>`_  2020-05-17   ``Prepare release candidate for backport packages (#8891)``
`f3521fb0e3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3521fb0e36733d8bd356123e56a453fd37a6dca>`_  2020-05-16   ``Regenerate readme files for backport package release (#8886)``
`92585ca4cb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/92585ca4cb375ac879f4ab331b3a063106eb7b92>`_  2020-05-15   ``Added automated release notes generation for backport operators (#8807)``
`4bde99f132 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4bde99f1323d72f6c84c1548079d5e98fc0a2a9a>`_  2020-03-23   ``Make airflow/providers pylint compatible (#7802)``
`05443c6dc8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/05443c6dc8100e791446bbcc0df04de6e34017bb>`_  2020-03-23   ``Add missing call to Super class in remaining providers (#7828)``
`97a429f9d0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97a429f9d0cf740c5698060ad55f11e93cb57b55>`_  2020-02-02   ``[AIRFLOW-6714] Remove magic comments about UTF-8 (#7338)``
`059eda05f8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/059eda05f82fefce4410f44f761f945a27d83daf>`_  2020-01-21   ``[AIRFLOW-6610] Move software classes to providers package (#7231)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================

Commit message:

Add documentation for bugfix release of Providers (#22383)
This is another out-of-band release of Providers after we
found out that the #22226 wrongly added gitpython and wheel
as dependencies for all providers.

GitOrigin-RevId: d7dbfb7e26a50130d3550e781dc71a5fbcaeb3d2

docs/apache-airflow-providers-samba/commits.rst, after:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-samba
------------------------------------------------------

`Samba <https://www.samba.org/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``samba``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



3.0.3
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-14

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
`16adc035b1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16adc035b1ecdf533f44fbb3e32bea972127bb71>`_  2022-03-14   ``Add documentation for Classifier release for March 2022 (#22226)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================

3.0.2
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-07

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==========================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==========================================================================
`f5b96315fe <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5b96315fe65b99c0e2542831ff73a3406c4232d>`_  2022-03-07   ``Add documentation for Feb Providers release (#22056)``
`d94fa37830 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d94fa378305957358b910cfb1fe7cb14bc793804>`_  2022-02-08   ``Fixed changelog for January 2022 (delayed) provider's release (#21439)``
`6c3a67d4fc <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6c3a67d4fccafe4ab6cd9ec8c7bacf2677f17038>`_  2022-02-05   ``Add documentation for January 2021 providers release (#21257)``
`602abe8394 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/602abe8394fafe7de54df7e73af56de848cdf617>`_  2022-01-20   ``Remove ':type' lines now sphinx-autoapi supports typehints (#20951)``
`f77417eb0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f77417eb0d3f12e4849d80645325c02a48829278>`_  2021-12-31   ``Fix K8S changelog to be PyPI-compatible (#20614)``
`97496ba2b4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97496ba2b41063fa24393c58c5c648a0cdb5a7f8>`_  2021-12-31   ``Update documentation for provider December 2021 release (#20523)``
`65d7f427a0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/65d7f427a0fe02ec07802e3b713c4d32da0b86f4>`_  2021-12-13   ``Fix MyPy Errors for Samba provider (#20243)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==========================================================================

3.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-10-29

=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
`d9567eb106 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d9567eb106929b21329c01171fd398fbef2dc6c6>`_  2021-10-29   ``Prepare documentation for October Provider's release (#19321)``
`d17ae60be4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d17ae60be4d83e0bdfa6cb3c2c41e2bb1fcbf1b6>`_  2021-10-09   ``Handle leading slash in samba path (#18847)``
`63ca12c0f2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/63ca12c0f2b4b6db1c46dd55405f7055dcb1c02c>`_  2021-10-07   ``Open src and dst in binary for samba copy (#18752)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================

3.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-08-30

=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================
`0a68588479 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a68588479e34cf175d744ea77b283d9d78ea71a>`_  2021-08-30   ``Add August 2021 Provider's documentation (#17890)``
`be75dcd39c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/be75dcd39cd10264048c86e74110365bd5daf8b7>`_  2021-08-23   ``Update description about the new ''connection-types'' provider meta-data``
`76ed2a49c6 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/76ed2a49c6cd285bf59706cf04f39a7444c382c9>`_  2021-08-19   ``Import Hooks lazily individually in providers manager (#17682)``
`f53dace36c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f53dace36c707330e01c99204e62377750a5fb1f>`_  2021-08-01   ``Switch to 'smbprotocol' library (#17273)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ============================================================================

2.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-06-18

=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
`bbc627a3da <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/bbc627a3dab17ba4cf920dd1a26dbed6f5cebfd1>`_  2021-06-18   ``Prepares documentation for rc2 release of Providers (#16501)``
`cbf8001d76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cbf8001d7630530773f623a786f9eb319783b33c>`_  2021-06-16   ``Synchronizes updated changelog after buggfix release (#16464)``
`1fba5402bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1fba5402bb14b3ffa6429fdc683121935f88472f>`_  2021-06-15   ``More documentation update for June providers release (#16405)``
`9c94b72d44 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9c94b72d440b18a9e42123d20d48b951712038f9>`_  2021-06-07   ``Updated documentation for June 2021 provider release (#16294)``
`a47a2548be <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a47a2548bed8a8e7206fe490a9be03b0513b4059>`_  2021-06-06   ``Add support for extra parameters to samba client (#16115)``
`807ad32ce5 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/807ad32ce59e001cb3532d98a05fa7d0d7fabb95>`_  2021-05-01   ``Prepares provider release after PIP 21 compatibility (#15576)``
`40a2476a5d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/40a2476a5db14ee26b5108d72635da116eab720b>`_  2021-04-28   ``Adds interactivity when generating provider documentation. (#15518)``
`68e4c4dcb0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/68e4c4dcb0416eb51a7011a3bb040f1e23d7bba8>`_  2021-03-20   ``Remove Backport Providers (#14886)``
`6e6526a0f6 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6e6526a0f650119cb1ad7c2e2a1b87f0fa45c60e>`_  2021-03-13   ``Update documentation for broken package releases (#14734)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
`88bdcfa0df <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43>`_  2021-02-04   ``Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)``
`ac2f72c98d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`3fd5ef3555 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3fd5ef355556cf0ad7896bb570bbe4b2eabbf46e>`_  2021-01-21   ``Add missing logos for integrations (#13717)``
`295d66f914 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`6cf76d7ac0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
`32971a1a2d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`b40dffa085 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364>`_  2020-12-08   ``Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)``
`9b39f24780 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9b39f24780e85f859236672e9060b2fbeee81b36>`_  2020-12-08   ``Add support for dynamic connection form fields per provider (#12558)``
`c34ef853c8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2>`_  2020-11-20   ``Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)``
`0080354502 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4>`_  2020-11-18   ``Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)``
`ae7cb4a1e2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae7cb4a1e2a96351f1976cf5832615e24863e05d>`_  2020-11-17   ``Update wrong commit hash in backport provider changes (#12390)``
`6889a333cf <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6889a333cff001727eb0a66e375544a28c9a5f03>`_  2020-11-15   ``Improvements for operators and hooks ref docs (#12366)``
`7825e8f590 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1>`_  2020-11-13   ``Docs installation improvements (#12304)``
`85a18e13d9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/85a18e13d9dec84275283ff69e34704b60d54a75>`_  2020-11-09   ``Point at pypi project pages for cross-dependency of provider packages (#12212)``
`59eb5de78c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/59eb5de78c70ee9c7ae6e4cba5c7a2babb8103ca>`_  2020-11-09   ``Update provider READMEs for up-coming 1.0.0beta1 releases (#12206)``
`b2a28d1590 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b2a28d1590410630d66966aa1f2b2a049a8c3b32>`_  2020-11-09   ``Moves provider packages scripts to dev (#12082)``
`41bf172c1d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/41bf172c1dc75099f4f9d8b3f3350b4b1f523ef9>`_  2020-11-04   ``Simplify string expressions (#12093)``
`4e8f9cc8d0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e8f9cc8d02b29c325b8a5a76b4837671bdf5f68>`_  2020-11-03   ``Enable Black - Python Auto Formmatter (#9550)``
`5a439e84eb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5a439e84eb6c0544dc6c3d6a9f4ceeb2172cd5d0>`_  2020-10-26   ``Prepare providers release 0.0.2a1 (#11855)``
`872b1566a1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574>`_  2020-10-25   ``Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29 (#11826)``
`349b0811c3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/349b0811c3022605426ba57d30936240a7c2848a>`_  2020-10-20   ``Add D200 pydocstyle check (#11688)``
`16e7129719 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16e7129719f1c0940aef2a93bed81368e997a746>`_  2020-10-13   ``Added support for provider packages for Airflow 2.0 (#11487)``
`0a0e1af800 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a0e1af80038ef89974c3c8444461fe867945daa>`_  2020-10-03   ``Fix Broken Markdown links in Providers README TOC (#11249)``
`ca4238eb4d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ca4238eb4d9a2aef70eb641343f59ee706d27d13>`_  2020-10-02   ``Fixed month in backport packages to October (#11242)``
`5220e4c384 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5220e4c3848a2d2c81c266ef939709df9ce581c5>`_  2020-10-02   ``Prepare Backport release 2020.09.07 (#11238)``
`720912f67b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/720912f67b3af0bdcbac64d6b8bf6d51c6247e26>`_  2020-10-02   ``Strict type check for multiple providers (#11229)``
`fdd9b6f65b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3>`_  2020-08-25   ``Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)``
`3696c34c28 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3696c34c28c6bc7b442deab999d9ecba24ed0e34>`_  2020-08-24   ``Fix typo in the word "release" (#10528)``
`ee7ca128a1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ee7ca128a17937313566f2badb6cc569c614db94>`_  2020-08-22   ``Fix broken Markdown refernces in Providers README (#10483)``
`d0e7db4024 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d0e7db4024806af35e3c9a2cae460fdeedd4d2ec>`_  2020-06-19   ``Fixed release number for fresh release (#9408)``
`12af6a0800 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12af6a08009b8776e00d8a0aab92363eb8c4e8b1>`_  2020-06-19   ``Final cleanup for 2020.6.23rc1 release preparation (#9404)``
`c7e5bce57f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c7e5bce57fe7f51cefce4f8a41ce408ac5675d13>`_  2020-06-19   ``Prepare backport release candidate for 2020.6.23rc1 (#9370)``
`f6bd817a3a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f6bd817a3aac0a16430fc2e3d59c1f17a69a15ac>`_  2020-06-16   ``Introduce 'transfers' packages (#9320)``
`0b0e4f7a4c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0b0e4f7a4cceff3efe15161fb40b984782760a34>`_  2020-05-26   ``Preparing for RC3 relase of backports (#9026)``
`00642a46d0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00642a46d019870c4decb3d0e47c01d6a25cb88c>`_  2020-05-26   ``Fixed name of 20 remaining wrongly named operators. (#8994)``
`375d1ca229 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/375d1ca229464617780623c61c6e8a1bf570c87f>`_  2020-05-19   ``Release candidate 2 for backport packages 2020.05.20 (#8898)``
`12c5e5d8ae <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/12c5e5d8ae25fa633efe63ccf4db389e2b796d79>`_  2020-05-17   ``Prepare release candidate for backport packages (#8891)``
`f3521fb0e3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3521fb0e36733d8bd356123e56a453fd37a6dca>`_  2020-05-16   ``Regenerate readme files for backport package release (#8886)``
`92585ca4cb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/92585ca4cb375ac879f4ab331b3a063106eb7b92>`_  2020-05-15   ``Added automated release notes generation for backport operators (#8807)``
`4bde99f132 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4bde99f1323d72f6c84c1548079d5e98fc0a2a9a>`_  2020-03-23   ``Make airflow/providers pylint compatible (#7802)``
`05443c6dc8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/05443c6dc8100e791446bbcc0df04de6e34017bb>`_  2020-03-23   ``Add missing call to Super class in remaining providers (#7828)``
`97a429f9d0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97a429f9d0cf740c5698060ad55f11e93cb57b55>`_  2020-02-02   ``[AIRFLOW-6714] Remove magic comments about UTF-8 (#7338)``
`059eda05f8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/059eda05f82fefce4410f44f761f945a27d83daf>`_  2020-01-21   ``[AIRFLOW-6610] Move software classes to providers package (#7231)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
