docs/apache-airflow/concepts/cluster-policies.rst, before:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Cluster Policies
================

If you want to check or mutate DAGs or Tasks on a cluster-wide level, then a Cluster Policy will let you do that. They have three main purposes:

* Checking that DAGs/Tasks meet a certain standard
* Setting default arguments on DAGs/Tasks
* Performing custom routing logic

There are three types of cluster policy:

* ``dag_policy``: Takes a :class:`~airflow.models.dag.DAG` parameter called ``dag``. Runs at load time.
* ``task_policy``: Takes a :class:`~airflow.models.baseoperator.BaseOperator` parameter called ``task``. Runs at load time.
* ``task_instance_mutation_hook``: Takes a :class:`~airflow.models.taskinstance.TaskInstance` parameter called ``task_instance``. Called right before task execution.

The DAG and Task cluster policies can raise the  :class:`~airflow.exceptions.AirflowClusterPolicyViolation` exception to indicate that the dag/task they were passed is not compliant and should not be loaded.

Any extra attributes set by a cluster policy take priority over those defined in your DAG file; for example, if you set an ``sla`` on your Task in the DAG file, and then your cluster policy also sets an ``sla``, the cluster policy's value will take precedence.

To configure cluster policies, you should create an ``airflow_local_settings.py`` file in either the ``config`` folder under your ``$AIRFLOW_HOME``, or place it on the ``$PYTHONPATH``, and then add callables to the file matching one or more of the cluster policy names above (e.g. ``dag_policy``)


Examples
--------

DAG policies
~~~~~~~~~~~~

This policy checks if each DAG has at least one tag defined:

.. literalinclude:: /../../tests/cluster_policies/__init__.py
      :language: python
      :start-after: [START example_dag_cluster_policy]
      :end-before: [END example_dag_cluster_policy]

.. note::

    To avoid import cycles, if you use ``DAG`` in type annotations in your cluster policy, be sure to import from ``airflow.models`` and not from ``airflow``.

Task policies
-------------

Here's an example of enforcing a maximum timeout policy on every task:

.. literalinclude:: /../../tests/cluster_policies/__init__.py
        :language: python
        :start-after: [START example_task_cluster_policy]
        :end-before: [END example_task_cluster_policy]

You could also implement to protect against common errors, rather than as technical security controls. For example, don't run tasks without airflow owners:

.. literalinclude:: /../../tests/cluster_policies/__init__.py
        :language: python
        :start-after: [START example_cluster_policy_rule]
        :end-before: [END example_cluster_policy_rule]

If you have multiple checks to apply, it is best practice to curate these rules in a separate python module and have a single policy / task mutation hook that performs multiple of these custom checks and aggregates the various error messages so that a single ``AirflowClusterPolicyViolation`` can be reported in the UI (and import errors table in the database).

For example, your ``airflow_local_settings.py`` might follow this pattern:

.. literalinclude:: /../../tests/cluster_policies/__init__.py
        :language: python
        :start-after: [START example_list_of_cluster_policy_rules]
        :end-before: [END example_list_of_cluster_policy_rules]


Task instance mutation
----------------------

Here's an example of re-routing tasks that are on their second (or greater) retry to a different queue:

.. literalinclude:: /../../tests/cluster_policies/__init__.py
        :language: python
        :start-after: [START example_task_mutation_hook]
        :end-before: [END example_task_mutation_hook]

Commit message:

Note how DAG policy works with default_args (#24804)
Co-authored-by: Tzu-ping Chung <uranusjr@gmail.com>
(cherry picked from commit 298be502c35006b7c3f011b676dbb4db0633bc74)
GitOrigin-RevId: 98baf6054b0ffb9277508be871363a9362ac4c76

docs/apache-airflow/concepts/cluster-policies.rst, after:

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Cluster Policies
================

If you want to check or mutate DAGs or Tasks on a cluster-wide level, then a Cluster Policy will let you do that. They have three main purposes:

* Checking that DAGs/Tasks meet a certain standard
* Setting default arguments on DAGs/Tasks
* Performing custom routing logic

There are three types of cluster policy:

* ``dag_policy``: Takes a :class:`~airflow.models.dag.DAG` parameter called ``dag``. Runs at load time.
* ``task_policy``: Takes a :class:`~airflow.models.baseoperator.BaseOperator` parameter called ``task``. Runs at load time.
* ``task_instance_mutation_hook``: Takes a :class:`~airflow.models.taskinstance.TaskInstance` parameter called ``task_instance``. Called right before task execution.

The DAG and Task cluster policies can raise the  :class:`~airflow.exceptions.AirflowClusterPolicyViolation` exception to indicate that the dag/task they were passed is not compliant and should not be loaded.

Any extra attributes set by a cluster policy take priority over those defined in your DAG file; for example, if you set an ``sla`` on your Task in the DAG file, and then your cluster policy also sets an ``sla``, the cluster policy's value will take precedence.

To configure cluster policies, you should create an ``airflow_local_settings.py`` file in either the ``config`` folder under your ``$AIRFLOW_HOME``, or place it on the ``$PYTHONPATH``, and then add callables to the file matching one or more of the cluster policy names above (e.g. ``dag_policy``)


Examples
--------

DAG policies
~~~~~~~~~~~~

This policy checks if each DAG has at least one tag defined:

.. literalinclude:: /../../tests/cluster_policies/__init__.py
      :language: python
      :start-after: [START example_dag_cluster_policy]
      :end-before: [END example_dag_cluster_policy]

.. note::

    To avoid import cycles, if you use ``DAG`` in type annotations in your cluster policy, be sure to import from ``airflow.models`` and not from ``airflow``.

.. note::

    DAG policies are applied after the DAG has been completely loaded, so overriding the ``default_args`` parameter has no effect. If you want to override the default operator settings, use task policies instead.

Task policies
-------------

Here's an example of enforcing a maximum timeout policy on every task:

.. literalinclude:: /../../tests/cluster_policies/__init__.py
        :language: python
        :start-after: [START example_task_cluster_policy]
        :end-before: [END example_task_cluster_policy]

You could also implement to protect against common errors, rather than as technical security controls. For example, don't run tasks without airflow owners:

.. literalinclude:: /../../tests/cluster_policies/__init__.py
        :language: python
        :start-after: [START example_cluster_policy_rule]
        :end-before: [END example_cluster_policy_rule]

If you have multiple checks to apply, it is best practice to curate these rules in a separate python module and have a single policy / task mutation hook that performs multiple of these custom checks and aggregates the various error messages so that a single ``AirflowClusterPolicyViolation`` can be reported in the UI (and import errors table in the database).

For example, your ``airflow_local_settings.py`` might follow this pattern:

.. literalinclude:: /../../tests/cluster_policies/__init__.py
        :language: python
        :start-after: [START example_list_of_cluster_policy_rules]
        :end-before: [END example_list_of_cluster_policy_rules]


Task instance mutation
----------------------

Here's an example of re-routing tasks that are on their second (or greater) retry to a different queue:

.. literalinclude:: /../../tests/cluster_policies/__init__.py
        :language: python
        :start-after: [START example_task_mutation_hook]
        :end-before: [END example_task_mutation_hook]
