docs/apache-airflow-providers-sendgrid/commits.rst, before:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-sendgrid
------------------------------------------------------

`Sendgrid <https://sendgrid.com/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``sendgrid``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



2.0.2
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-07

=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
`f5b96315fe <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5b96315fe65b99c0e2542831ff73a3406c4232d>`_  2022-03-07   ``Add documentation for Feb Providers release (#22056)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================

2.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-08-30

=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
`0a68588479 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a68588479e34cf175d744ea77b283d9d78ea71a>`_  2021-08-30   ``Add August 2021 Provider's documentation (#17890)``
`87f408b1e7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/87f408b1e78968580c760acb275ae5bb042161db>`_  2021-07-26   ``Prepares docs for Rc2 release of July providers (#17116)``
`b916b75079 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b916b7507921129dc48d6add1bdc4b923b60c9b9>`_  2021-07-15   ``Prepare documentation for July release of providers. (#17015)``
`866a601b76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/866a601b76e219b3c043e1dbbc8fb22300866351>`_  2021-06-28   ``Removes pylint from our toolchain (#16682)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================

2.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-06-18

=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
`bbc627a3da <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/bbc627a3dab17ba4cf920dd1a26dbed6f5cebfd1>`_  2021-06-18   ``Prepares documentation for rc2 release of Providers (#16501)``
`cbf8001d76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cbf8001d7630530773f623a786f9eb319783b33c>`_  2021-06-16   ``Synchronizes updated changelog after buggfix release (#16464)``
`1fba5402bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1fba5402bb14b3ffa6429fdc683121935f88472f>`_  2021-06-15   ``More documentation update for June providers release (#16405)``
`9c94b72d44 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9c94b72d440b18a9e42123d20d48b951712038f9>`_  2021-06-07   ``Updated documentation for June 2021 provider release (#16294)``
`807ad32ce5 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/807ad32ce59e001cb3532d98a05fa7d0d7fabb95>`_  2021-05-01   ``Prepares provider release after PIP 21 compatibility (#15576)``
`40a2476a5d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/40a2476a5db14ee26b5108d72635da116eab720b>`_  2021-04-28   ``Adds interactivity when generating provider documentation. (#15518)``
`68e4c4dcb0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/68e4c4dcb0416eb51a7011a3bb040f1e23d7bba8>`_  2021-03-20   ``Remove Backport Providers (#14886)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================

1.0.2
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-27

=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
`589d6dec92 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/589d6dec922565897785bcbc5ac6bb3b973d7f5d>`_  2021-02-27   ``Prepare to release the next wave of providers: (#14487)``
`10343ec29f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/10343ec29f8f0abc5b932ba26faf49bc63c6bcda>`_  2021-02-05   ``Corrections in docs and tools after releasing provider RCs (#14082)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
`88bdcfa0df <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43>`_  2021-02-04   ``Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)``
`ac2f72c98d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`86695b62a0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/86695b62a0281364088642fa3dc17d92cf9e7cbe>`_  2021-01-30   ``Deprecate email credentials from environment variables. (#13601)``
`295d66f914 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`6cf76d7ac0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
`32971a1a2d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`c34ef853c8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2>`_  2020-11-20   ``Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)``
`0080354502 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4>`_  2020-11-18   ``Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)``
`7825e8f590 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1>`_  2020-11-13   ``Docs installation improvements (#12304)``
`c5806efb54 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c5806efb54ad06049e13a5fc7df2f03846fe566e>`_  2020-11-10   ``Added missing sendgrid readme (#12245)``
`349b0811c3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/349b0811c3022605426ba57d30936240a7c2848a>`_  2020-10-20   ``Add D200 pydocstyle check (#11688)``
`d305876bee <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d305876bee328287ff391a29cc1cd632468cc731>`_  2020-10-12   ``Remove redundant None provided as default to dict.get() (#11448)``
`f3e87c5030 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3e87c503081a3085dff6c7352640d7f08beb5bc>`_  2020-09-22   ``Add D202 pydocstyle check (#11032)``
`fdd9b6f65b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3>`_  2020-08-25   ``Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)``
`7269d15adf <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7269d15adfb74188359757b1705485f5d368486a>`_  2020-08-03   ``[GH-9708] Add type coverage to Sendgrid module (#10134)``
`a97400d0d8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a97400d0d89ccd6de0cab3a50c58a2969d164a0d>`_  2020-06-28   ``Move out sendgrid emailer from airflow.contrib (#9355)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================

Commit message:

Add documentation for bugfix release of Providers (#22383)
This is another out-of-band release of Providers after we
found out that the #22226 wrongly added gitpython and wheel
as dependencies for all providers.

GitOrigin-RevId: d7dbfb7e26a50130d3550e781dc71a5fbcaeb3d2

docs/apache-airflow-providers-sendgrid/commits.rst, after:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-sendgrid
------------------------------------------------------

`Sendgrid <https://sendgrid.com/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``sendgrid``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



2.0.3
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-14

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
`16adc035b1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16adc035b1ecdf533f44fbb3e32bea972127bb71>`_  2022-03-14   ``Add documentation for Classifier release for March 2022 (#22226)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================

2.0.2
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-07

=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
`f5b96315fe <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5b96315fe65b99c0e2542831ff73a3406c4232d>`_  2022-03-07   ``Add documentation for Feb Providers release (#22056)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================

2.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-08-30

=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
`0a68588479 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a68588479e34cf175d744ea77b283d9d78ea71a>`_  2021-08-30   ``Add August 2021 Provider's documentation (#17890)``
`87f408b1e7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/87f408b1e78968580c760acb275ae5bb042161db>`_  2021-07-26   ``Prepares docs for Rc2 release of July providers (#17116)``
`b916b75079 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b916b7507921129dc48d6add1bdc4b923b60c9b9>`_  2021-07-15   ``Prepare documentation for July release of providers. (#17015)``
`866a601b76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/866a601b76e219b3c043e1dbbc8fb22300866351>`_  2021-06-28   ``Removes pylint from our toolchain (#16682)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================

2.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-06-18

=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
`bbc627a3da <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/bbc627a3dab17ba4cf920dd1a26dbed6f5cebfd1>`_  2021-06-18   ``Prepares documentation for rc2 release of Providers (#16501)``
`cbf8001d76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cbf8001d7630530773f623a786f9eb319783b33c>`_  2021-06-16   ``Synchronizes updated changelog after buggfix release (#16464)``
`1fba5402bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1fba5402bb14b3ffa6429fdc683121935f88472f>`_  2021-06-15   ``More documentation update for June providers release (#16405)``
`9c94b72d44 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9c94b72d440b18a9e42123d20d48b951712038f9>`_  2021-06-07   ``Updated documentation for June 2021 provider release (#16294)``
`807ad32ce5 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/807ad32ce59e001cb3532d98a05fa7d0d7fabb95>`_  2021-05-01   ``Prepares provider release after PIP 21 compatibility (#15576)``
`40a2476a5d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/40a2476a5db14ee26b5108d72635da116eab720b>`_  2021-04-28   ``Adds interactivity when generating provider documentation. (#15518)``
`68e4c4dcb0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/68e4c4dcb0416eb51a7011a3bb040f1e23d7bba8>`_  2021-03-20   ``Remove Backport Providers (#14886)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================

1.0.2
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-27

=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
`589d6dec92 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/589d6dec922565897785bcbc5ac6bb3b973d7f5d>`_  2021-02-27   ``Prepare to release the next wave of providers: (#14487)``
`10343ec29f <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/10343ec29f8f0abc5b932ba26faf49bc63c6bcda>`_  2021-02-05   ``Corrections in docs and tools after releasing provider RCs (#14082)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
`88bdcfa0df <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43>`_  2021-02-04   ``Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)``
`ac2f72c98d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`86695b62a0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/86695b62a0281364088642fa3dc17d92cf9e7cbe>`_  2021-01-30   ``Deprecate email credentials from environment variables. (#13601)``
`295d66f914 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`6cf76d7ac0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
`32971a1a2d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`c34ef853c8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2>`_  2020-11-20   ``Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)``
`0080354502 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4>`_  2020-11-18   ``Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)``
`7825e8f590 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1>`_  2020-11-13   ``Docs installation improvements (#12304)``
`c5806efb54 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c5806efb54ad06049e13a5fc7df2f03846fe566e>`_  2020-11-10   ``Added missing sendgrid readme (#12245)``
`349b0811c3 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/349b0811c3022605426ba57d30936240a7c2848a>`_  2020-10-20   ``Add D200 pydocstyle check (#11688)``
`d305876bee <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d305876bee328287ff391a29cc1cd632468cc731>`_  2020-10-12   ``Remove redundant None provided as default to dict.get() (#11448)``
`f3e87c5030 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f3e87c503081a3085dff6c7352640d7f08beb5bc>`_  2020-09-22   ``Add D202 pydocstyle check (#11032)``
`fdd9b6f65b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3>`_  2020-08-25   ``Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)``
`7269d15adf <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7269d15adfb74188359757b1705485f5d368486a>`_  2020-08-03   ``[GH-9708] Add type coverage to Sendgrid module (#10134)``
`a97400d0d8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a97400d0d89ccd6de0cab3a50c58a2969d164a0d>`_  2020-06-28   ``Move out sendgrid emailer from airflow.contrib (#9355)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
