docs/apache-airflow-providers-apache-kylin/commits.rst, before:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-apache-kylin
------------------------------------------------------

`Apache Kylin <https://kylin.apache.org/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``apache.kylin``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



2.0.2
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-07

=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
`f5b96315fe <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5b96315fe65b99c0e2542831ff73a3406c4232d>`_  2022-03-07   ``Add documentation for Feb Providers release (#22056)``
`4f5172edf5 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4f5172edf5e23f08f4d39c0e2c113c966ea137c3>`_  2022-02-15   ``Fix Mypy errors in Kylin example (#21589)``
`d94fa37830 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d94fa378305957358b910cfb1fe7cb14bc793804>`_  2022-02-08   ``Fixed changelog for January 2022 (delayed) provider's release (#21439)``
`6c3a67d4fc <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6c3a67d4fccafe4ab6cd9ec8c7bacf2677f17038>`_  2022-02-05   ``Add documentation for January 2021 providers release (#21257)``
`602abe8394 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/602abe8394fafe7de54df7e73af56de848cdf617>`_  2022-01-20   ``Remove ':type' lines now sphinx-autoapi supports typehints (#20951)``
`f77417eb0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f77417eb0d3f12e4849d80645325c02a48829278>`_  2021-12-31   ``Fix K8S changelog to be PyPI-compatible (#20614)``
`97496ba2b4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97496ba2b41063fa24393c58c5c648a0cdb5a7f8>`_  2021-12-31   ``Update documentation for provider December 2021 release (#20523)``
`7c81dc9f04 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7c81dc9f048e029d27de3dd6958306b6ed7e0fd8>`_  2021-12-30   ``Fix mypy apache kylin operators (#20595)``
`d56e7b56bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d56e7b56bb9827daaf8890557147fd10bdf72a7e>`_  2021-12-30   ``Fix template_fields type to have MyPy friendly Sequence type (#20571)``
`a0821235fb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a0821235fb6877a471973295fe42283ef452abf6>`_  2021-12-30   ``Use typed Context EVERYWHERE (#20565)``
`853576d901 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/853576d9019d2aca8de1d9c587c883dcbe95b46a>`_  2021-11-30   ``Update documentation for November 2021 provider's release (#19882)``
`ae044884d1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae044884d1dacce8dbf47c618f543b58f9ff101f>`_  2021-11-03   ``Cleanup of start_date and default arg use for Apache example DAGs (#18657)``
`d9567eb106 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d9567eb106929b21329c01171fd398fbef2dc6c6>`_  2021-10-29   ``Prepare documentation for October Provider's release (#19321)``
`86a2a19ad2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/86a2a19ad2bdc87a9ad14bb7fde9313b2d7489bb>`_  2021-10-17   ``More f-strings (#18855)``
`840ea3efb9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/840ea3efb9533837e9f36b75fa527a0fbafeb23a>`_  2021-09-30   ``Update documentation for September providers release (#18613)``
`a458fcc573 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a458fcc573845ff65244a2dafd204ed70129f3e8>`_  2021-09-27   ``Updating miscellaneous provider DAGs to use TaskFlow API where applicable (#18278)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================

2.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-08-30

=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
`0a68588479 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a68588479e34cf175d744ea77b283d9d78ea71a>`_  2021-08-30   ``Add August 2021 Provider's documentation (#17890)``
`87f408b1e7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/87f408b1e78968580c760acb275ae5bb042161db>`_  2021-07-26   ``Prepares docs for Rc2 release of July providers (#17116)``
`91f4d80ff0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/91f4d80ff09093de49478214c5bd027e02c92a0e>`_  2021-07-23   ``Updating Apache example DAGs to use XComArgs (#16869)``
`b916b75079 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b916b7507921129dc48d6add1bdc4b923b60c9b9>`_  2021-07-15   ``Prepare documentation for July release of providers. (#17015)``
`866a601b76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/866a601b76e219b3c043e1dbbc8fb22300866351>`_  2021-06-28   ``Removes pylint from our toolchain (#16682)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================

2.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-06-18

=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
`bbc627a3da <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/bbc627a3dab17ba4cf920dd1a26dbed6f5cebfd1>`_  2021-06-18   ``Prepares documentation for rc2 release of Providers (#16501)``
`cbf8001d76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cbf8001d7630530773f623a786f9eb319783b33c>`_  2021-06-16   ``Synchronizes updated changelog after buggfix release (#16464)``
`1fba5402bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1fba5402bb14b3ffa6429fdc683121935f88472f>`_  2021-06-15   ``More documentation update for June providers release (#16405)``
`9c94b72d44 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9c94b72d440b18a9e42123d20d48b951712038f9>`_  2021-06-07   ``Updated documentation for June 2021 provider release (#16294)``
`dcb8932746 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/dcb89327462cc72dc0146dc77d50a0399bc97f82>`_  2021-05-15   ``Update KylinHook docstring (#15602)``
`37681bca00 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/37681bca0081dd228ac4047c17631867bba7a66f>`_  2021-05-07   ``Auto-apply apply_default decorator (#15667)``
`807ad32ce5 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/807ad32ce59e001cb3532d98a05fa7d0d7fabb95>`_  2021-05-01   ``Prepares provider release after PIP 21 compatibility (#15576)``
`40a2476a5d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/40a2476a5db14ee26b5108d72635da116eab720b>`_  2021-04-28   ``Adds interactivity when generating provider documentation. (#15518)``
`68e4c4dcb0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/68e4c4dcb0416eb51a7011a3bb040f1e23d7bba8>`_  2021-03-20   ``Remove Backport Providers (#14886)``
`6e6526a0f6 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6e6526a0f650119cb1ad7c2e2a1b87f0fa45c60e>`_  2021-03-13   ``Update documentation for broken package releases (#14734)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
`88bdcfa0df <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43>`_  2021-02-04   ``Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)``
`ac2f72c98d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`3fd5ef3555 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3fd5ef355556cf0ad7896bb570bbe4b2eabbf46e>`_  2021-01-21   ``Add missing logos for integrations (#13717)``
`295d66f914 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`101d561cec <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/101d561cec0f9aff45f1a1fbdf01275775fad369>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix invalid provider name - Apache Kylin (#13157)``
`6cf76d7ac0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
`32971a1a2d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`b40dffa085 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364>`_  2020-12-08   ``Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)``
`02d94349be <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/02d94349be3d201ce9d37d7358573c937fd010df>`_  2020-11-29   ``Don't use time.time() or timezone.utcnow() for duration calculations (#12353)``
`c34ef853c8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2>`_  2020-11-20   ``Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)``
`0080354502 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4>`_  2020-11-18   ``Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)``
`ae7cb4a1e2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae7cb4a1e2a96351f1976cf5832615e24863e05d>`_  2020-11-17   ``Update wrong commit hash in backport provider changes (#12390)``
`6889a333cf <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6889a333cff001727eb0a66e375544a28c9a5f03>`_  2020-11-15   ``Improvements for operators and hooks ref docs (#12366)``
`7825e8f590 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1>`_  2020-11-13   ``Docs installation improvements (#12304)``
`85a18e13d9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/85a18e13d9dec84275283ff69e34704b60d54a75>`_  2020-11-09   ``Point at pypi project pages for cross-dependency of provider packages (#12212)``
`59eb5de78c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/59eb5de78c70ee9c7ae6e4cba5c7a2babb8103ca>`_  2020-11-09   ``Update provider READMEs for up-coming 1.0.0beta1 releases (#12206)``
`b2a28d1590 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b2a28d1590410630d66966aa1f2b2a049a8c3b32>`_  2020-11-09   ``Moves provider packages scripts to dev (#12082)``
`4e8f9cc8d0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e8f9cc8d02b29c325b8a5a76b4837671bdf5f68>`_  2020-11-03   ``Enable Black - Python Auto Formmatter (#9550)``
`8c42cf1b00 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8c42cf1b00c90f0d7f11b8a3a455381de8e003c5>`_  2020-11-03   ``Use PyUpgrade to use Python 3.6 features (#11447)``
`5a439e84eb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5a439e84eb6c0544dc6c3d6a9f4ceeb2172cd5d0>`_  2020-10-26   ``Prepare providers release 0.0.2a1 (#11855)``
`872b1566a1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574>`_  2020-10-25   ``Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29 (#11826)``
`16e7129719 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16e7129719f1c0940aef2a93bed81368e997a746>`_  2020-10-13   ``Added support for provider packages for Airflow 2.0 (#11487)``
`0a0e1af800 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a0e1af80038ef89974c3c8444461fe867945daa>`_  2020-10-03   ``Fix Broken Markdown links in Providers README TOC (#11249)``
`ca4238eb4d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ca4238eb4d9a2aef70eb641343f59ee706d27d13>`_  2020-10-02   ``Fixed month in backport packages to October (#11242)``
`5220e4c384 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5220e4c3848a2d2c81c266ef939709df9ce581c5>`_  2020-10-02   ``Prepare Backport release 2020.09.07 (#11238)``
`99accec29d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/99accec29d71b0a57fd4e90151b9d4d10321be07>`_  2020-09-25   ``Fix incorrect Usage of Optional[str] & Optional[int] (#11141)``
`e3f96ce7a8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/e3f96ce7a8ac098aeef5e9930e6de6c428274d57>`_  2020-09-24   ``Fix incorrect Usage of Optional[bool] (#11138)``
`fdd9b6f65b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3>`_  2020-08-25   ``Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)``
`d1bce91bb2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d1bce91bb21d5a468fa6a0207156c28fe1ca6513>`_  2020-08-25   ``PyDocStyle: Enable D403: Capitalized first word of docstring (#10530)``
`f6734b3b85 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f6734b3b850d33d3712763f93c114e80f5af9ffb>`_  2020-08-12   ``Enable Sphinx spellcheck for doc generation (#10280)``
`b43f90abf4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b43f90abf4c7219d5d59cccb0514256bd3f2fdc7>`_  2020-08-09   ``Fix various typos in the repo (#10263)``
`edc51e313b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/edc51e313b50359e0258cce5f7f7283f69342fb9>`_  2020-08-08   ``Remove Unnecessary list literal in Tuple for Kylin Operator (#10252)``
`3b3287d7ac <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3b3287d7acc76430f12b758d52cec61c7f74e726>`_  2020-08-05   ``Enforce keyword only arguments on apache operators (#10170)``
`7d24b088cd <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7d24b088cd736cfa18f9214e4c9d6ce2d5865f3d>`_  2020-07-25   ``Stop using start_date in default_args in example_dags (2) (#9985)``
`33f0cd2657 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/33f0cd2657b2e77ea3477e0c93f13f1474be628e>`_  2020-07-22   ``apply_default keeps the function signature for mypy (#9784)``
`a2c5389a60 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a2c5389a60f68482a60eb40c67b1542d827c187e>`_  2020-07-14   ``Add kylin operator (#9149)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================

Commit message:

Add documentation for bugfix release of Providers (#22383)
This is another out-of-band release of Providers after we
found out that the #22226 wrongly added gitpython and wheel
as dependencies for all providers.

GitOrigin-RevId: d7dbfb7e26a50130d3550e781dc71a5fbcaeb3d2

docs/apache-airflow-providers-apache-kylin/commits.rst, after:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-apache-kylin
------------------------------------------------------

`Apache Kylin <https://kylin.apache.org/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``apache.kylin``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



2.0.3
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-14

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
`16adc035b1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16adc035b1ecdf533f44fbb3e32bea972127bb71>`_  2022-03-14   ``Add documentation for Classifier release for March 2022 (#22226)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================

2.0.2
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-07

=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
`f5b96315fe <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5b96315fe65b99c0e2542831ff73a3406c4232d>`_  2022-03-07   ``Add documentation for Feb Providers release (#22056)``
`4f5172edf5 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4f5172edf5e23f08f4d39c0e2c113c966ea137c3>`_  2022-02-15   ``Fix Mypy errors in Kylin example (#21589)``
`d94fa37830 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d94fa378305957358b910cfb1fe7cb14bc793804>`_  2022-02-08   ``Fixed changelog for January 2022 (delayed) provider's release (#21439)``
`6c3a67d4fc <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6c3a67d4fccafe4ab6cd9ec8c7bacf2677f17038>`_  2022-02-05   ``Add documentation for January 2021 providers release (#21257)``
`602abe8394 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/602abe8394fafe7de54df7e73af56de848cdf617>`_  2022-01-20   ``Remove ':type' lines now sphinx-autoapi supports typehints (#20951)``
`f77417eb0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f77417eb0d3f12e4849d80645325c02a48829278>`_  2021-12-31   ``Fix K8S changelog to be PyPI-compatible (#20614)``
`97496ba2b4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97496ba2b41063fa24393c58c5c648a0cdb5a7f8>`_  2021-12-31   ``Update documentation for provider December 2021 release (#20523)``
`7c81dc9f04 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7c81dc9f048e029d27de3dd6958306b6ed7e0fd8>`_  2021-12-30   ``Fix mypy apache kylin operators (#20595)``
`d56e7b56bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d56e7b56bb9827daaf8890557147fd10bdf72a7e>`_  2021-12-30   ``Fix template_fields type to have MyPy friendly Sequence type (#20571)``
`a0821235fb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a0821235fb6877a471973295fe42283ef452abf6>`_  2021-12-30   ``Use typed Context EVERYWHERE (#20565)``
`853576d901 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/853576d9019d2aca8de1d9c587c883dcbe95b46a>`_  2021-11-30   ``Update documentation for November 2021 provider's release (#19882)``
`ae044884d1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae044884d1dacce8dbf47c618f543b58f9ff101f>`_  2021-11-03   ``Cleanup of start_date and default arg use for Apache example DAGs (#18657)``
`d9567eb106 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d9567eb106929b21329c01171fd398fbef2dc6c6>`_  2021-10-29   ``Prepare documentation for October Provider's release (#19321)``
`86a2a19ad2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/86a2a19ad2bdc87a9ad14bb7fde9313b2d7489bb>`_  2021-10-17   ``More f-strings (#18855)``
`840ea3efb9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/840ea3efb9533837e9f36b75fa527a0fbafeb23a>`_  2021-09-30   ``Update documentation for September providers release (#18613)``
`a458fcc573 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a458fcc573845ff65244a2dafd204ed70129f3e8>`_  2021-09-27   ``Updating miscellaneous provider DAGs to use TaskFlow API where applicable (#18278)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================

2.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-08-30

=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================
`0a68588479 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a68588479e34cf175d744ea77b283d9d78ea71a>`_  2021-08-30   ``Add August 2021 Provider's documentation (#17890)``
`87f408b1e7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/87f408b1e78968580c760acb275ae5bb042161db>`_  2021-07-26   ``Prepares docs for Rc2 release of July providers (#17116)``
`91f4d80ff0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/91f4d80ff09093de49478214c5bd027e02c92a0e>`_  2021-07-23   ``Updating Apache example DAGs to use XComArgs (#16869)``
`b916b75079 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b916b7507921129dc48d6add1bdc4b923b60c9b9>`_  2021-07-15   ``Prepare documentation for July release of providers. (#17015)``
`866a601b76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/866a601b76e219b3c043e1dbbc8fb22300866351>`_  2021-06-28   ``Removes pylint from our toolchain (#16682)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =================================================================

2.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-06-18

=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================
`bbc627a3da <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/bbc627a3dab17ba4cf920dd1a26dbed6f5cebfd1>`_  2021-06-18   ``Prepares documentation for rc2 release of Providers (#16501)``
`cbf8001d76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cbf8001d7630530773f623a786f9eb319783b33c>`_  2021-06-16   ``Synchronizes updated changelog after buggfix release (#16464)``
`1fba5402bb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/1fba5402bb14b3ffa6429fdc683121935f88472f>`_  2021-06-15   ``More documentation update for June providers release (#16405)``
`9c94b72d44 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/9c94b72d440b18a9e42123d20d48b951712038f9>`_  2021-06-07   ``Updated documentation for June 2021 provider release (#16294)``
`dcb8932746 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/dcb89327462cc72dc0146dc77d50a0399bc97f82>`_  2021-05-15   ``Update KylinHook docstring (#15602)``
`37681bca00 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/37681bca0081dd228ac4047c17631867bba7a66f>`_  2021-05-07   ``Auto-apply apply_default decorator (#15667)``
`807ad32ce5 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/807ad32ce59e001cb3532d98a05fa7d0d7fabb95>`_  2021-05-01   ``Prepares provider release after PIP 21 compatibility (#15576)``
`40a2476a5d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/40a2476a5db14ee26b5108d72635da116eab720b>`_  2021-04-28   ``Adds interactivity when generating provider documentation. (#15518)``
`68e4c4dcb0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/68e4c4dcb0416eb51a7011a3bb040f1e23d7bba8>`_  2021-03-20   ``Remove Backport Providers (#14886)``
`6e6526a0f6 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6e6526a0f650119cb1ad7c2e2a1b87f0fa45c60e>`_  2021-03-13   ``Update documentation for broken package releases (#14734)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  =======================================================================

1.0.1
.....

Latest change: 2021-02-04

=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================
`88bdcfa0df <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/88bdcfa0df5bcb4c489486e05826544b428c8f43>`_  2021-02-04   ``Prepare to release a new wave of providers. (#14013)``
`ac2f72c98d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ac2f72c98dc0821b33721054588adbf2bb53bb0b>`_  2021-02-01   ``Implement provider versioning tools (#13767)``
`3fd5ef3555 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3fd5ef355556cf0ad7896bb570bbe4b2eabbf46e>`_  2021-01-21   ``Add missing logos for integrations (#13717)``
`295d66f914 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/295d66f91446a69610576d040ba687b38f1c5d0a>`_  2020-12-30   ``Fix Grammar in PIP warning (#13380)``
`101d561cec <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/101d561cec0f9aff45f1a1fbdf01275775fad369>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix invalid provider name - Apache Kylin (#13157)``
`6cf76d7ac0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6cf76d7ac01270930de7f105fb26428763ee1d4e>`_  2020-12-18   ``Fix typo in pip upgrade command :( (#13148)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ========================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2020-12-09

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
`32971a1a2d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/32971a1a2de1db0b4f7442ed26facdf8d3b7a36f>`_  2020-12-09   ``Updates providers versions to 1.0.0 (#12955)``
`b40dffa085 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b40dffa08547b610162f8cacfa75847f3c4ca364>`_  2020-12-08   ``Rename remaing modules to match AIP-21 (#12917)``
`02d94349be <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/02d94349be3d201ce9d37d7358573c937fd010df>`_  2020-11-29   ``Don't use time.time() or timezone.utcnow() for duration calculations (#12353)``
`c34ef853c8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/c34ef853c890e08f5468183c03dc8f3f3ce84af2>`_  2020-11-20   ``Separate out documentation building per provider  (#12444)``
`0080354502 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/00803545023b096b8db4fbd6eb473843096d7ce4>`_  2020-11-18   ``Update provider READMEs for 1.0.0b2 batch release (#12449)``
`ae7cb4a1e2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ae7cb4a1e2a96351f1976cf5832615e24863e05d>`_  2020-11-17   ``Update wrong commit hash in backport provider changes (#12390)``
`6889a333cf <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6889a333cff001727eb0a66e375544a28c9a5f03>`_  2020-11-15   ``Improvements for operators and hooks ref docs (#12366)``
`7825e8f590 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7825e8f59034645ab3247229be83a3aa90baece1>`_  2020-11-13   ``Docs installation improvements (#12304)``
`85a18e13d9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/85a18e13d9dec84275283ff69e34704b60d54a75>`_  2020-11-09   ``Point at pypi project pages for cross-dependency of provider packages (#12212)``
`59eb5de78c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/59eb5de78c70ee9c7ae6e4cba5c7a2babb8103ca>`_  2020-11-09   ``Update provider READMEs for up-coming 1.0.0beta1 releases (#12206)``
`b2a28d1590 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b2a28d1590410630d66966aa1f2b2a049a8c3b32>`_  2020-11-09   ``Moves provider packages scripts to dev (#12082)``
`4e8f9cc8d0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/4e8f9cc8d02b29c325b8a5a76b4837671bdf5f68>`_  2020-11-03   ``Enable Black - Python Auto Formmatter (#9550)``
`8c42cf1b00 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/8c42cf1b00c90f0d7f11b8a3a455381de8e003c5>`_  2020-11-03   ``Use PyUpgrade to use Python 3.6 features (#11447)``
`5a439e84eb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5a439e84eb6c0544dc6c3d6a9f4ceeb2172cd5d0>`_  2020-10-26   ``Prepare providers release 0.0.2a1 (#11855)``
`872b1566a1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/872b1566a11cb73297e657ff325161721b296574>`_  2020-10-25   ``Generated backport providers readmes/setup for 2020.10.29 (#11826)``
`16e7129719 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16e7129719f1c0940aef2a93bed81368e997a746>`_  2020-10-13   ``Added support for provider packages for Airflow 2.0 (#11487)``
`0a0e1af800 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a0e1af80038ef89974c3c8444461fe867945daa>`_  2020-10-03   ``Fix Broken Markdown links in Providers README TOC (#11249)``
`ca4238eb4d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ca4238eb4d9a2aef70eb641343f59ee706d27d13>`_  2020-10-02   ``Fixed month in backport packages to October (#11242)``
`5220e4c384 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/5220e4c3848a2d2c81c266ef939709df9ce581c5>`_  2020-10-02   ``Prepare Backport release 2020.09.07 (#11238)``
`99accec29d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/99accec29d71b0a57fd4e90151b9d4d10321be07>`_  2020-09-25   ``Fix incorrect Usage of Optional[str] & Optional[int] (#11141)``
`e3f96ce7a8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/e3f96ce7a8ac098aeef5e9930e6de6c428274d57>`_  2020-09-24   ``Fix incorrect Usage of Optional[bool] (#11138)``
`fdd9b6f65b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/fdd9b6f65b608c516b8a062b058972d9a45ec9e3>`_  2020-08-25   ``Enable Black on Providers Packages (#10543)``
`d1bce91bb2 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d1bce91bb21d5a468fa6a0207156c28fe1ca6513>`_  2020-08-25   ``PyDocStyle: Enable D403: Capitalized first word of docstring (#10530)``
`f6734b3b85 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f6734b3b850d33d3712763f93c114e80f5af9ffb>`_  2020-08-12   ``Enable Sphinx spellcheck for doc generation (#10280)``
`b43f90abf4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b43f90abf4c7219d5d59cccb0514256bd3f2fdc7>`_  2020-08-09   ``Fix various typos in the repo (#10263)``
`edc51e313b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/edc51e313b50359e0258cce5f7f7283f69342fb9>`_  2020-08-08   ``Remove Unnecessary list literal in Tuple for Kylin Operator (#10252)``
`3b3287d7ac <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3b3287d7acc76430f12b758d52cec61c7f74e726>`_  2020-08-05   ``Enforce keyword only arguments on apache operators (#10170)``
`7d24b088cd <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/7d24b088cd736cfa18f9214e4c9d6ce2d5865f3d>`_  2020-07-25   ``Stop using start_date in default_args in example_dags (2) (#9985)``
`33f0cd2657 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/33f0cd2657b2e77ea3477e0c93f13f1474be628e>`_  2020-07-22   ``apply_default keeps the function signature for mypy (#9784)``
`a2c5389a60 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a2c5389a60f68482a60eb40c67b1542d827c187e>`_  2020-07-14   ``Add kylin operator (#9149)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==================================================================================
