docs/apache-airflow-providers-asana/commits.rst, before:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-asana
------------------------------------------------------

`Asana <https://app.asana.com/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``asana``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



1.1.1
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-07

=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
`f5b96315fe <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5b96315fe65b99c0e2542831ff73a3406c4232d>`_  2022-03-07   ``Add documentation for Feb Providers release (#22056)``
`d94fa37830 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d94fa378305957358b910cfb1fe7cb14bc793804>`_  2022-02-08   ``Fixed changelog for January 2022 (delayed) provider's release (#21439)``
`6c3a67d4fc <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6c3a67d4fccafe4ab6cd9ec8c7bacf2677f17038>`_  2022-02-05   ``Add documentation for January 2021 providers release (#21257)``
`cb73053211 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cb73053211367e2c2dd76d5279cdc7dc7b190124>`_  2022-01-27   ``Add optional features in providers. (#21074)``
`602abe8394 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/602abe8394fafe7de54df7e73af56de848cdf617>`_  2022-01-20   ``Remove ':type' lines now sphinx-autoapi supports typehints (#20951)``
`730db3fb77 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/730db3fb774f60127ab1c865e19031f1f9c193f7>`_  2022-01-18   ``Remove all "fake" stub files (#20936)``
`f8fd0f7b4c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f8fd0f7b4ca6cb52307be4323028bf4e409566e7>`_  2022-01-13   ``Explain stub files are introduced for Mypy errors in examples (#20827)``
`f77417eb0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f77417eb0d3f12e4849d80645325c02a48829278>`_  2021-12-31   ``Fix K8S changelog to be PyPI-compatible (#20614)``
`97496ba2b4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97496ba2b41063fa24393c58c5c648a0cdb5a7f8>`_  2021-12-31   ``Update documentation for provider December 2021 release (#20523)``
`3e48a49ab8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3e48a49ab887135e2367144bb543df3aa4e0d001>`_  2021-12-30   ``Fix mypy errors in asana example dags (#20593)``
`a0821235fb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a0821235fb6877a471973295fe42283ef452abf6>`_  2021-12-30   ``Use typed Context EVERYWHERE (#20565)``
`2fb5e1d0ec <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/2fb5e1d0ec306839a3ff21d0bddbde1d022ee8c7>`_  2021-12-15   ``Fix cached_property MyPy declaration and related MyPy errors (#20226)``
`dad2f8103b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/dad2f8103be954afaedf15e9d098ee417b0d5d02>`_  2021-12-15   ``Fix mypy providers (#20190)``
`853576d901 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/853576d9019d2aca8de1d9c587c883dcbe95b46a>`_  2021-11-30   ``Update documentation for November 2021 provider's release (#19882)``
`d9567eb106 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d9567eb106929b21329c01171fd398fbef2dc6c6>`_  2021-10-29   ``Prepare documentation for October Provider's release (#19321)``
`840ea3efb9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/840ea3efb9533837e9f36b75fa527a0fbafeb23a>`_  2021-09-30   ``Update documentation for September providers release (#18613)``
`ef037e7021 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ef037e702182e4370cb00c853c4fb0e246a0479c>`_  2021-09-29   ``Static start_date and default arg cleanup for misc. provider example DAGs (#18597)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================

1.1.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-08-30

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================================
`0a68588479 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a68588479e34cf175d744ea77b283d9d78ea71a>`_  2021-08-30   ``Add August 2021 Provider's documentation (#17890)``
`be75dcd39c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/be75dcd39cd10264048c86e74110365bd5daf8b7>`_  2021-08-23   ``Update description about the new ''connection-types'' provider meta-data``
`76ed2a49c6 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/76ed2a49c6cd285bf59706cf04f39a7444c382c9>`_  2021-08-19   ``Import Hooks lazily individually in providers manager (#17682)``
`d11d3e617a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d11d3e617ad121e75fbc955ad3730857ae8edab4>`_  2021-08-13   ``Use built-in ''cached_property'' on Python 3.8 for Asana provider (#17597)``
`87f408b1e7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/87f408b1e78968580c760acb275ae5bb042161db>`_  2021-07-26   ``Prepares docs for Rc2 release of July providers (#17116)``
`0dbd0f420c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0dbd0f420cc08e011317e2a9f21f92fff4a64c1b>`_  2021-07-26   ``Remove/refactor default_args pattern for miscellaneous providers (#16872)``
`e7bd82acdf <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/e7bd82acdf3cf7628d5f3cdf223cf9cf01874c25>`_  2021-07-25   ``Improve documentation and examples in example_asana.py (#15959)``
`b916b75079 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b916b7507921129dc48d6add1bdc4b923b60c9b9>`_  2021-07-15   ``Prepare documentation for July release of providers. (#17015)``
`866a601b76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/866a601b76e219b3c043e1dbbc8fb22300866351>`_  2021-06-28   ``Removes pylint from our toolchain (#16682)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-06-18

=================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================================
`bbc627a3da <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/bbc627a3dab17ba4cf920dd1a26dbed6f5cebfd1>`_  2021-06-18   ``Prepares documentation for rc2 release of Providers (#16501)``
`162e3204c0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/162e3204c000ca2ebdc42b9b90a1873d4362ed6e>`_  2021-05-17   ``Add Asana Provider (#14521)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================================

Commit message:

Add documentation for bugfix release of Providers (#22383)
This is another out-of-band release of Providers after we
found out that the #22226 wrongly added gitpython and wheel
as dependencies for all providers.

GitOrigin-RevId: d7dbfb7e26a50130d3550e781dc71a5fbcaeb3d2

docs/apache-airflow-providers-asana/commits.rst, after:


 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.


Package apache-airflow-providers-asana
------------------------------------------------------

`Asana <https://app.asana.com/>`__


This is detailed commit list of changes for versions provider package: ``asana``.
For high-level changelog, see :doc:`package information including changelog <index>`.



1.1.2
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-14

=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================
`16adc035b1 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/16adc035b1ecdf533f44fbb3e32bea972127bb71>`_  2022-03-14   ``Add documentation for Classifier release for March 2022 (#22226)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ====================================================================

1.1.1
.....

Latest change: 2022-03-07

=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================
`f5b96315fe <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f5b96315fe65b99c0e2542831ff73a3406c4232d>`_  2022-03-07   ``Add documentation for Feb Providers release (#22056)``
`d94fa37830 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d94fa378305957358b910cfb1fe7cb14bc793804>`_  2022-02-08   ``Fixed changelog for January 2022 (delayed) provider's release (#21439)``
`6c3a67d4fc <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/6c3a67d4fccafe4ab6cd9ec8c7bacf2677f17038>`_  2022-02-05   ``Add documentation for January 2021 providers release (#21257)``
`cb73053211 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/cb73053211367e2c2dd76d5279cdc7dc7b190124>`_  2022-01-27   ``Add optional features in providers. (#21074)``
`602abe8394 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/602abe8394fafe7de54df7e73af56de848cdf617>`_  2022-01-20   ``Remove ':type' lines now sphinx-autoapi supports typehints (#20951)``
`730db3fb77 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/730db3fb774f60127ab1c865e19031f1f9c193f7>`_  2022-01-18   ``Remove all "fake" stub files (#20936)``
`f8fd0f7b4c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f8fd0f7b4ca6cb52307be4323028bf4e409566e7>`_  2022-01-13   ``Explain stub files are introduced for Mypy errors in examples (#20827)``
`f77417eb0d <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/f77417eb0d3f12e4849d80645325c02a48829278>`_  2021-12-31   ``Fix K8S changelog to be PyPI-compatible (#20614)``
`97496ba2b4 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/97496ba2b41063fa24393c58c5c648a0cdb5a7f8>`_  2021-12-31   ``Update documentation for provider December 2021 release (#20523)``
`3e48a49ab8 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/3e48a49ab887135e2367144bb543df3aa4e0d001>`_  2021-12-30   ``Fix mypy errors in asana example dags (#20593)``
`a0821235fb <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/a0821235fb6877a471973295fe42283ef452abf6>`_  2021-12-30   ``Use typed Context EVERYWHERE (#20565)``
`2fb5e1d0ec <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/2fb5e1d0ec306839a3ff21d0bddbde1d022ee8c7>`_  2021-12-15   ``Fix cached_property MyPy declaration and related MyPy errors (#20226)``
`dad2f8103b <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/dad2f8103be954afaedf15e9d098ee417b0d5d02>`_  2021-12-15   ``Fix mypy providers (#20190)``
`853576d901 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/853576d9019d2aca8de1d9c587c883dcbe95b46a>`_  2021-11-30   ``Update documentation for November 2021 provider's release (#19882)``
`d9567eb106 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d9567eb106929b21329c01171fd398fbef2dc6c6>`_  2021-10-29   ``Prepare documentation for October Provider's release (#19321)``
`840ea3efb9 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/840ea3efb9533837e9f36b75fa527a0fbafeb23a>`_  2021-09-30   ``Update documentation for September providers release (#18613)``
`ef037e7021 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/ef037e702182e4370cb00c853c4fb0e246a0479c>`_  2021-09-29   ``Static start_date and default arg cleanup for misc. provider example DAGs (#18597)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ======================================================================================

1.1.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-08-30

=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================================
`0a68588479 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0a68588479e34cf175d744ea77b283d9d78ea71a>`_  2021-08-30   ``Add August 2021 Provider's documentation (#17890)``
`be75dcd39c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/be75dcd39cd10264048c86e74110365bd5daf8b7>`_  2021-08-23   ``Update description about the new ''connection-types'' provider meta-data``
`76ed2a49c6 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/76ed2a49c6cd285bf59706cf04f39a7444c382c9>`_  2021-08-19   ``Import Hooks lazily individually in providers manager (#17682)``
`d11d3e617a <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/d11d3e617ad121e75fbc955ad3730857ae8edab4>`_  2021-08-13   ``Use built-in ''cached_property'' on Python 3.8 for Asana provider (#17597)``
`87f408b1e7 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/87f408b1e78968580c760acb275ae5bb042161db>`_  2021-07-26   ``Prepares docs for Rc2 release of July providers (#17116)``
`0dbd0f420c <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/0dbd0f420cc08e011317e2a9f21f92fff4a64c1b>`_  2021-07-26   ``Remove/refactor default_args pattern for miscellaneous providers (#16872)``
`e7bd82acdf <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/e7bd82acdf3cf7628d5f3cdf223cf9cf01874c25>`_  2021-07-25   ``Improve documentation and examples in example_asana.py (#15959)``
`b916b75079 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/b916b7507921129dc48d6add1bdc4b923b60c9b9>`_  2021-07-15   ``Prepare documentation for July release of providers. (#17015)``
`866a601b76 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/866a601b76e219b3c043e1dbbc8fb22300866351>`_  2021-06-28   ``Removes pylint from our toolchain (#16682)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ==============================================================================

1.0.0
.....

Latest change: 2021-06-18

=================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================================
Commit                                                                                             Committed    Subject
=================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================================
`bbc627a3da <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/bbc627a3dab17ba4cf920dd1a26dbed6f5cebfd1>`_  2021-06-18   ``Prepares documentation for rc2 release of Providers (#16501)``
`162e3204c0 <https://github.com/apache/airflow/commit/162e3204c000ca2ebdc42b9b90a1873d4362ed6e>`_  2021-05-17   ``Add Asana Provider (#14521)``
=================================================================================================  ===========  ================================================================
